Ah, why are you so blind?
This is my second sister
Are you all right?
I'm fine.
Dream one, I heard from my eldest sister that you got together with Gao Xiangyu
I didn't believe it at first
Now it seems to be true
I mean, what is tolerance?
Nonsense
Shut your mouth
Didn't you say that this little scumbag is engaged to your eldest sister?
How about this hahaha
Your family's relationship is too messy
I'm talking about our family relationship
Ordinary people don't understand
You say I can
Don't say Jin Mengyi
I have nothing with him
Did my brother let you talk?
What's up?
If I don't see you as Xi Shi's second sister
I killed this little bastard this morning